JP-3281: Change resampling defaults to NaN padding instead of INDEF (#8488)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Update variance handling to propagate resampled variance components with
  weights that match the science `weight_type`. [#8437]

> - Change default no-value padding from INDEF to NaN [#8488]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `fillval` parameter default from INDEF to NaN [#8488]
```

Author: Done

resample_spec
-------------

- Populate the wavelength array in resampled `Slit` and `MultiSlit` models. [#8374]

> - Change default no-value padding from INDEF to NaN [#8488]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `fillval` parameter default from INDEF to NaN [#8488]
```

Author: Done
